zero: const 0
one: const 1
two: const 2
four: const 4
eight: const 8
st: const 16
tt: const 32
sf: const 64
ohte: const 128
thfs: const 256
fhtw: const 512
ottf: const 1024
ttfe: const 2048

i: id
res: input 1

mod_two: % i two
is_two: = mod_two zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_two sum zero
sort mod_two

mod_four: % i four
is_four: = mod_four zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_four sum zero
sort mod_four

mod_eight: % i eight
is_eight: = mod_eight zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_eight sum zero
sort mod_eight

mod_st: % i st
is_st: = mod_st zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_st sum zero
sort mod_st

mod_tt: % i tt
is_tt: = mod_tt zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_tt sum zero
sort mod_tt

mod_sf: % i sf
is_sf: = mod_sf zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_sf sum zero
sort mod_sf

mod_ohte: % i ohte
is_ohte: = mod_ohte zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_ohte sum zero
sort mod_ohte

mod_thfs: % i thfs
is_thfs: = mod_thfs zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_thfs sum zero
sort mod_thfs

mod_fhtw: % i fhtw
is_fhtw: = mod_fhtw zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_fhtw sum zero
sort mod_fhtw

mod_ottf: % i ottf
is_ottf: = mod_ottf zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_ottf sum zero
sort mod_ottf

mod_ttfe: % i ttfe
is_ttfe: = mod_ttfe zero
vpravo: right res
sum: + res vpravo
res: if is_ttfe sum zero
sort mod_ttfe

copy res
